README.md, before:

## Static Projects

Static projects for KPCC for use around the website. Deploys to <http://projects.scpr.org/static>.

### Deployment

Make sure you have the `capistrano` rubygem installed. 
For more information, see <https://rubygems.org/gems/capistrano>.

Deploy with `cap deploy`. Files will be available publically at the same paths as are setup
in this project.

### Fresh Prince Lyrics
```
Now this is the story all about how 
My life got flipped, turned upside down 
And I'd like to take a minute just sit right there 
I'll tell you how I became the prince of a town called Bel-air 

In west Philadelphia born and raised 
On the playground where I spent most of my days 
Chilling out, maxing, relaxing all cool 
And all shooting some b-ball outside of the school 
When a couple of guys, they were up to no good 
Started making trouble in my neighbourhood 
I got in one little fight and my mom got scared 
And said "You're moving with your auntie and uncle in Bel-air" 

I whistled for a cab and when it came near the 
License plate said "fresh" and had a dice in the mirror 
If anything I could say that this cab was rare 
But I thought nah, forget it, yo homes to Bel-air! 

I pulled up to a house about seven or eight 
And I yelled to the cabby "Yo, homes smell you later!" 
Looked at my kingdom I was finally there 
To sit on my throne as the prince of Bel-air
```

Commit message:

Add staging info to readme

README.md, after:

## Static Projects

Static projects for KPCC for use around the website. 
Deploys to <http://projects.scpr.org/static>.

### Deployment

Make sure you have the `capistrano` rubygem installed. 
For more information, see <https://rubygems.org/gems/capistrano>.

Deploy to production (media) with `cap deploy`. Files will be 
available publicly at the same paths as are setup in this project.

Deploying to staging (dev2) is just as easy: `cap staging deploy`

### Fresh Prince Lyrics
```
Now this is the story all about how 
My life got flipped, turned upside down 
And I'd like to take a minute just sit right there 
I'll tell you how I became the prince of a town called Bel-air 

In west Philadelphia born and raised 
On the playground where I spent most of my days 
Chilling out, maxing, relaxing all cool 
And all shooting some b-ball outside of the school 
When a couple of guys, they were up to no good 
Started making trouble in my neighbourhood 
I got in one little fight and my mom got scared 
And said "You're moving with your auntie and uncle in Bel-air" 

I whistled for a cab and when it came near the 
License plate said "fresh" and had a dice in the mirror 
If anything I could say that this cab was rare 
But I thought nah, forget it, yo homes to Bel-air! 

I pulled up to a house about seven or eight 
And I yelled to the cabby "Yo, homes smell you later!" 
Looked at my kingdom I was finally there 
To sit on my throne as the prince of Bel-air
```
